CFIN-469 Add new collections to documentation (#42)
university-of-york/uoy-config-funnelback-courses: README.md

A Funnelback collection is a set of data that can be searched. It is possible for collections to contain other collections, as the `york-uni-campusmap` collection contains others.

There are three collections for courses.
- `york-uni-courses` is powered by a web crawler that indexes all York courses.
- `external-courses` is a [custom collection](https://docs.squiz.net/funnelback/archive/collections/collection-types/custom.html) 

>   that contains

Reviewer: Missing details of what it contains...

> - `external-courses` is a [custom collection](https://docs.squiz.net/funnelback/archive/collections/collection-types/custom.html) 
>   that contains

Author: ```suggestion
- `external-courses` is a [custom collection](https://docs.squiz.net/funnelback/archive/collections/collection-types/custom.html) 
  that contains details on HYMS courses published by the CMS.
```

- `courses` is a [meta collection](https://docs.squiz.net/funnelback/archive/collections/collection-types/meta/index.html) that combines both of the other collections.

> The course collection is called `york-uni-courses`.

Author: ```suggestion
The course collection we use for the courses API is `courses`.
```
